[DOG BARKING]
CARRIE: Come on!
- Hey, hey! Stick to the trees.
[HELICOPTER WHIRRING
AND SIREN WAILING]
LUCAS:
Run!
CARRIE: Baby!
[PANTING]
I think he knows.
No, he doesn't know.
He can't.
By the time he figures out
we're not coming back...
...we'll be long gone.
[LUCAS SIGHS]
Hey.
We risk our lives
every time we steal for him.
Why not risk our lives for us?
No one's ever stolen from Rabbit.
He doesn't know.
Everything will be fine.
Are we back on track, Mr. Hanson?
We're still playing catch-up
after that power failure...
...but I'll keep them late and we
should be caught up by Sunday.
Friday.
Okay. Friday. I'm on it.
I'm on it, motherfucker.
[HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
[MUSIC STOPS]
Get down here.
You know for a fact
the owners are out of town?
Yeah. Away till Tuesday.
Okay.
Get out of here.
- Good to go, boys.
- All right.
CARRIE:
It's an original masonry house.
All the houses in this neighborhood
came up in the late 1920s.
WOMAN:
... If you wanted to paint over this green.
- But I'll be here...
- Excuse me just a moment.
Mrs. Hopewell, good morning.
What are you doing here?
Same as everyone else.
I'm looking to put down roots.
Oh, this room has great morning light.
- Would you like to see the kitchen?
- Sure.
What the fuck are you doing?
- You've been training.
- What the fuck are you doing?
This is my life.
- Ana.
- My name is Carrie.
Either way, I still love you.
If that's true,
then you'll leave here and never come back.
LUCAS: No.
- Please.
[PHONE RINGING]
WOMAN:
Carrie?
Um, your phone.
Shit. Okay. Hello?
Nice kitchen.
MERRICK [ON PHONE]:
Mrs. Hopewell, this is Principal Merrick.
I'm calling to let you know
Deva is not in school again this morning.
I wanted to check
if she was feeling ill.
No. No, she's not,
but I can assure you she's going to be.
I hope she's okay.
Please let us know. Thanks.
[DIALING]
[LINE RINGING]
DEVA [ON RECORDING]:
Hey, it's Deva. Leave a message. Or don't.
[BEEPS]
Deva, where are you?
[BOTH SCREAMING]
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Whoo!
[MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS]
REED:
How's it going?
[BONG GURGLING]
MAN 1: Yo, man. Are we putting
the Skulls with these?
MAN 2: Just sort it and show me.
DEVA: Reed?
[DEVA GASPS]
REED: Hey, Hanson.
HANSON: Hey, Reed.
Who the fuck are they?
It's okay. They're cool.
Move.
Well, come here, cool girls.
[BEATY CHUCKLES]
Come on.
[COUGHING]
[HANSON CHUCKLES]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
ARNO:
You ask and Arno delivers.
The Red Skull stamp as promised.
Heh, heh, heh. Pretty sweet, huh?
Now if we can just settle up our account...
HANSON: Hey.
- Ah! Ow, man!
HANSON: Hey, fuckhead, you got high
while you're working for me?
- Are you fucking crazy?
- No way. I'm a professional.
HANSON: So you're not tripping right now?
- I'm straight, man.
HANSON:
Look at me.
ARNO:
Unh!
HANSON: Fucking tweaker. Get
him out of here. MAN: Move it.
ARNO: Fuck you, motherfucker!
I'm gonna kick your ass.
Fuck you. Chill out, man.
Get off of me.
MAN:
Fuck off! Go!
[ARNO GRUNTING]
Come here.
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
[CAP POPS]
[DEVA GASPS]
Are you cool?
[DOOR OPENS]
What is it?
Some of the pills aren't pure.
- There's caffeine in them.
- You know what?
How about you leave the chemistry to me and
just go back and make the fucking pills.
What's going on?
You're in.
Midnight tomorrow at Yoder's barn.
- You know it?
- Yeah.
And you girls will
spread the word, right?
Hells yeah, we will. Heh, heh, heh.
Let's go, Deva.
LUCAS: Hey.
- Sheriff.
BROCK:
You're late.
LUCAS: Do I need a note from home?
- Couldn't reach you on your radio.
LUCAS:
I'm here now. What do you need?
What I need... What we need is a sheriff
that answers his radio. All right?
- I'll take that under advisement.
- I don't know how you did things in Oregon...
- Shut up, Brock.
BROCK: What?
- What the hell did you just say to me?
- I won't tell you twice.
Mr. Proctor.
KAI:
There he is.
- That looks painful.
- I'll survive.
May I have a word in private?
Kobe steaks. My best.
Thank you.
Well, you saved my life.
I was just doing my job.
I'm sure by now you've
gleaned that there are people...
...in Banshee,
our young mayor among them...
...who would have been happy
to see me go down.
- Yeah, why is that?
- Oh...
...some people find my business
practices a little aggressive.
I don't deny it.
Not everyone shares
my vision for this town.
But that's a talk for another time.
The reason I stopped in
is to warn you about the Moody brothers.
Warn me?
Yeah, they might be swimming
in the shallow end of the gene pool...
...but they're a fiercely loyal clan.
Been in this town
almost as long as my people.
And they will be out for blood.
I'll keep my eye out.
Sheriff, I wouldn't be bothering you...
...if I didn't think you have
a serious problem on your hands.
I don't deny your abilities. It's just
that your hands are tied by this office...
...whereas I have a talent for resolving
problems, like this one, quietly.
I appreciate your concern, but...
I think I'll just take things as they come.
It could be that I'm speaking
globally here, sheriff...
...beyond the Moody situation.
You see, I've got a good number
of local business interests...
...that need to be kept running smoothly.
These interests can occasionally
generate difficulties...
...but they also generate revenues.
Significant revenues.
What do you want, Mr. Proctor?
I might ask you the same question,
Sheriff Hood.
I'm good.
But thank you.
You take care of that.
It could go bad pretty fast.
[DIALING]
[PHONE RINGING]
[PHONE CONTINUES RINGING]
- Where's my fucking money?
LUCAS: You'll get it.
- Where'd you land?
- In hell.
Do you have any idea
what I'm surrounded by?
Skee-fucking-Ball,
cotton-fucking-candy...
...and sea-fucking-gulls.
Is that a cape?
This is Diane von Furstenberg, chica.
Shoo. Go get pregnant.
- So?
- Bitch, you got lucky on this one.
Lucas Hood had virtually
no living relatives...
...an estranged ex-wife
and son he ain't seen in years.
I couldn't even find any close friends.
And he ain't into the grid, neither.
No Facebook, no Twitter.
Your cover is good for now.
- Except...
- Except what?
Except that being where you are...
...makes you the dumbest
bitch that I know!
Oh, not you, Snooki.
So...
...how's she look?
She looks good.
[MAN GRUNTING]
CARRIE: Hyah!
- Hold it!
Sorry, it's been that kind of week.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Then let's have some fun.
Unh!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
You and your Hula Poppers.
If you're after serious game,
you'd better come ready.
Live bait is the way to go.
No. I've been winning fishing derbies
since you were a speck of sperm.
I hear you have the new sheriff
living over your garage.
Huh? Seems kind of strange for
an ex-con renting to a lawman.
Doesn't it bother you?
Apparently not as much
as it bothers you.
At some point, I might begin
to question your loyalty.
[SUGAR CHUCKLES]
No, I'm just a broken-down ex-con.
I don't choose sides.
Kai.
You talk about serious game?
Hood is serious game.
Like you've never seen.
So if you come for him,
you'd better come ready.
You take care of yourself, Sugar.
Yeah, you too.
[JUKEBOX PLAYING BLUES MUSIC]
No, no, no. You can't be here tonight.
And yet I am.
Cole Moody's wake.
His brothers are drunker than usual,
if that's possible.
Now, we've already had two fistfights.
That's just between family members.
- Can I at least get a sandwich? Hey.
- All right.
All right, just...
Whatever it takes
to get you out of here.
Look, here. Come on, take them.
Come on, eat them. Plenty more
where that came from.
Go on.
All right?
[DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES]
KAT:
Sheriff Hood.
LUCAS:
Yeah?
- You don't know who I am, do you?
- Not yet.
I'm Kat Moody.
You killed my husband.
And now you're sitting here eating food...
...prepared for his wake,
food that I paid for.
Well, I apologize about the food.
That was in bad taste.
But not for killing my husband?
[CHUCKLES]
He smashed me in the head with a pipe
and then fired a gun at a crowded party.
So while I am sorry for your grief...
He laid a good one on you.
He did.
- You're the second woman to hit me today.
- I bet that's a slow day for you.
LUCAS:
Mmm.
[GUN COCKS]
KAT: Jesus Christ.
Marcus, Dex, put those away.
Shut up, Kat, and get inside.
You Moody boys sure do
like your six-shooters.
You got permits for those?
You won't be around
long enough to find out.
You're not gonna shoot a man
at your brother's wake.
- What the hell is wrong with you?
- We're doing this for Cole.
Cole was a mean drunk
and he got what was coming.
You watch your mouth, bitch.
I'll kill you too.
Hey, you're Marcus, right?
And you're Dex?
DEX:
That's right.
Okay, Marcus, Dex...
- ...you have the right to remain silent.
- That's far enough.
Anything you say can be used
against you in a court of law.
- You believe the balls on this guy?
- He's arresting us.
- You have the right to an attorney.
- Shut up.
Why don't you make me.
Come on.
Marcus, Dex, your coffee is getting cold.
This don't concern you, Sugar.
All the same, I am concerned.
Come on.
SUGAR:
Hmm?
If you can't afford an attorney...
...the court will appoint one for you,
and he'll probably suck.
Sheriff Hood, they're drunk
and they're morons...
...but they're grieving in their own way.
Get the fuck out of here.
Go on.
This isn't over, Hood.
We'll be looking out for you.
Well, I'll be the one in the car
with the flashing lights.
[LAUGHS]
DEX:
What you looking at?
And you are?
[MOANING]
[PHONE VIBRATING]
[HELICOPTER WHIRRING]
[DOGS BARKING]
CARRIE:
Let's go.
Hey, stick to the trees
for at least two miles. You'll be fine.
- Where are you going?
- I'm gonna throw them off.
- No, I'm not leaving you!
- You were right about Rabbit.
- He knew. He knew.
- Don't do this.
- Don't do this. Don't do this. We can make it.
- Hey. Hey! I'll catch up to you.
I love you. I love you.
[POLICE SIREN WAILING]
Take the diamonds. I'll catch up to you.
Go!
COP 1:
Right there! No, I got him!
COP 2: Stay right where you are.
Get down on the ground right now.
COP 3:
Hands up. Don't do it...
[ALL GRUNTING]
Come on.
COP 1:
Copy. We have him.
CARRIE:
Baby!
GORDON:
Hey.
You okay, baby?
Yeah.
Just a bad dream.
[CHATTER ON POLICE RADIO]
[TRAIN BLOWING IN DISTANCE]
SIOBHAN:
Is that the Moody report?
LUCAS:
Yeah.
It's supposed to be.
But if I had known there was all this
paperwork, I never would have shot him.
Oh, come on, you must have had
to do this back in Oregon.
Uh, yeah, I wasn't any better at it then.
You filled out the incident report twice.
And you have to attach it to the SO sheet.
- SO?
- State oversight.
Have you already done
the weapons discharge form?
Uh, you know...
...Sheriff Morgan used to have Alma
do all this stuff for him.
She enjoys it.
Just buy her a nice bottle of wine.
Look it over when she's done.
LUCAS:
Sold.
You gave us your word that
you'd stop ditching school.
- My grades are fine.
- That is not the point.
So where were you this afternoon?
What's the difference? It's Saturday.
MAX: My grades are fine too.
- Rock on, Max.
Deva, this isn't a joke.
Your mother and I are worried about you.
DEVA: Well, there's nothing to be worried about.
- That's not what it looks like.
What...?
Well, that went well.
[DOOR SLAMS]
I can't do this right now.
[LOUD ROCK MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS]
Hey, we are not finished.
- Women, right?
- Heh. You little...
[GORDON GROWLS]
- Dad...
- If you turn into a teenager, I will kill you.
[MAX LAUGHS]
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
- Mr. Bowman.
ELIJAH: Deputy Brock.
BROCK:
What can we do for you?
- You are the new sheriff?
- That's right.
Something is happening at the Yoder farm
tonight. Some kind of a barn party.
- A rave?
- Yes.
My son used that word.
He saw them setting it up.
A rave, in this town?
BROCK:
Emmett.
Yeah, thanks for coming in.
ELIJAH: Sheriff, you'll keep
my family's name out of this?
LUCAS:
Yeah, you were never here.
Thank you.
My daughter. Rebecca.
- Good evening.
- Good evening, Sheriff Hood.
Very nice to meet you.
You too.
ELIJAH:
Rebecca, get in.
[GUNS CLICKING]
What's going on?
Are we going to war?
These raves are highly
organized enterprises.
It's designed for the sole
purpose of selling drugs.
BROCK: And where there are drugs,
there will be guns.
Usually by the time we hear about it, the
place is trashed and everyone is long gone.
Let's go.
Right?
Right. Ahem.
DEVA:
Like, oh, my God. There's so many people.
BEATY:
We're with Hanson. Beaty and Deva.
GIRL:
Oh, like that's gonna help.
- Why don't you wait like everybody else?
- VIPs? Nice.
[TECHNO MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
DEVA:
Hey, Hanson!
HANSON: Yeah, police band all quiet?
Okay, people, let's get paid.
DEVA: Hey!
- You made it. Hey.
DEVA:
What's up? Oh, my God.
- Snacks, anyone?
- Oh, Skulls!
- What is it?
- It's E.
[GIGGLES]
[BEATY & DEVA CHEERING]
DEVA:
Whoo!
[LABORED BREATHING]
Hey, baby.
You okay?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Deva.
Deva!
[KNOCKING]
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
[TECHNO MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
So, what's the plan?
All right, there's only two ways
in and out of here:
That front entrance and there's
a utility door around back.
Should be pretty easy
for us to cover.
Yeah, but God only knows how
many kids are actually in there.
Start a panic, this thing could go
from bad to worse fast.
- What are you doing?
- We need to see inside.
If I can find the guy in charge...
...we can shut this down
without starting a riot.
So you're just gonna wander in there
and ask who's in charge?
- That's your plan?
- Yeah.
Oh, great.
- Aren't you kind of old to pass for a teenager?
- I'm young at heart
Can't be out of uniform, Hood. You are
legally required to identify yourself.
Is he always this much fun?
LUCAS: Yeah, I'm here for the rave.
- There's no rave here.
LUCAS:
Come on, guys, what's it gonna take?
Shit. You kidding me?
Uh... He can't...
He can't just do that, right?
SIOBHAN: He's waving.
BROCK: Yeah.
SIOBHAN:
What do we do?
[TECHNO MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
HANSON [OVER RADIO]:
Moore, what's your count on the gate?
HANSON: Moore, are you hearing me?
I asked what's your count.
Moore, what the fuck? Respond.
Someone get me eyes on Moore.
You got nothing?
[LINE RINGING]
DEVA [ON RECORDING]:
Hey, it's Deva. Leave a message. Or don't.
[BEEPS]
[TECHNO MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
[REED COUGHING]
Reed? Reed.
[REED GRUNTING]
What is it? Reed! Reed!
[GRUNTING]
Help! Somebody help me!
Reed!
Somebody!
Beaty!
DEVA:
Help!
Something's wrong. Call the paramedics and get in here.
We've got to shut this down fast.
Everyone clear out. It's going south.
Five-O. Move out now!
DEVA:
Somebody help! Help!
Help!
- Somebody help me.
LUCAS: Hey, hey, hey.
Come on. Come on.
Move!
Look at me. Look at me.
You okay?
- Are you okay?
- Uh...
LUCAS:
Are you okay? Deva?
[MUSIC: STOPS]
This is the BSD. Please start exiting
in an orderly fashion.
[GUNSHOTS AND CROWD SCREAMING]
You stay here. Do not move. Stay there.
SIOBHAN: Get out! Get out!
EMMETT: Get out.
[GUNSHOTS AND CROWD SCREAMING]
[GUNSHOTS]
[POLICE SIREN WAILING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[GUNSHOT]
EMMETT:
You good?
LUCAS:
I'm good.
EMT 1:
Is it charged?
[DEFIBRILLATOR THUMPS]
Anything? All right.
Ready? Charge.
[DEFIBRILLATOR THUMPS]
EMT 2: No.
EMT 1: All right, we gotta call it.
DEVA:
No. No! No! Oh, no!
Reed! No!
- Oh, my God!
SIOBHAN: Shh. It's okay.
DEVA:
Oh, my God.
[DEVA CRYING]
SIOBHAN Shh.
Sit tight. Turn around.
Look at this. Reed Schumacher.
State Senator Schumacher,
that's his son.
- What the fuck are you looking at, bitch?
BROCK: Hey, shut your mouth.
I asked you a question, bitch.
What the fuck are you looking at? Unh!
BROCK:
Sheriff! Sheriff! Hood!
LUCAS:
Get the fuck off me.
[MAN COUGHING]
Come on, I'll take you both home.
- Hood, hey, what the fuck was that?
- Hey, leave it, Brock.
You beat the shit
out of a handcuffed perp...
- ...in front of 10 witnesses.
- He had it coming.
I don't know how you did things out West...
...but you can't make up the rules
as you go along here.
You're putting the rest of us
in an impossible position.
LUCAS:
Get in.
And what the hell
am I supposed to do, huh?
You know what?
I'd seriously consider resigning.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
You know what? I was here long before you,
and I'll be here long after you're gone...
...which, by the looks of it,
is gonna be pretty damn soon.
- Maybe.
- Mm-hm.
But right now the smartest career move
you could make...
...would be to get
the fuck out of my way.
HANSON:
Wait! Aah!
[HANSON SCREAMING]
What...? You cut my fucking finger off.
Our ecstasy trade generates revenues...
...of a quarter of a million dollars a week
in Philadelphia and D.C.
I spent years and serious money
developing that network.
And because I'm not a fucking idiot,
I never sold a single pill in this county.
I don't shit where I sleep, Mr. Hanson.
You, on the other hand,
have just taken a steaming dump...
...right in the middle of my fucking bed.
You stole my Skulls.
You cooked up a tainted batch that killed a boy.
But not just any boy...
...the boy of a state senator.
Do you understand?
- You've unleashed a shitstorm on me.
- I'm sorry, Mr. Proctor.
Now...
...I want you to look
over here at Preacher.
Preacher now has a taste for you.
I'll give you 60 seconds.
What? Are you fucking serious?
Starting now.
[DOG GROWLING]
[SPEAKS IN GERMAN]
[DOG BARKING]
[DOG GROWLING
AND HANSON SCREAMING]
HANSON:
Please!
[DOG GROWLING
AND HANSON SCREAMING]
It's a hard thing to see someone die.
First time, I was younger than you.
A kid from my neighborhood
tried to run across the rail road tracks.
He tripped on some gravel and...
And, uh...
You know...
Thing is...
...you can't make sense out of it.
All right?
It doesn't make sense.
You hear me?
You just...
I don't know.
You accept it at some point.
[DEVA SNIFFLES]
Was he a friend of yours?
The kid on the tracks.
No.
No, he was just some asshole
from the neighborhood.
And I was an asshole who dared him
to beat the 5:15 Amtrak.
Now you listen to me. Hey.
You're gonna be okay.
[DEVA SNIFFLES]
[ENGINE STARTS]
[SAW BUZZING]
[BONE CRUNCHING]